nano-ffmpeg: add page (#22163)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/nano-ffmpeg.md

# nano-ffmpeg

> > An wrapper for `ffmpeg` with interactive file browsing and operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A wrapper for `ffmpeg` with an interactive file browser and operations.
```
